1. Requirements
	•	User Roles: Admin, SuperAdmin, Guest
	•	Functionalities:
	•	View list of users
	•	Add new user
	•	Edit existing user details
	•	Enable/Disable user
	•	Search and filter users
	•	Hide disabled users

2. UI Components
	1	Header
	•	Save User Button: Positioned on the top-right corner, allows saving the user details.
	2	Toolbar
	•	New User Button: Positioned on the top-left corner, opens a form to add a new user.
	•	Hide Disabled User Checkbox: Positioned next to the New User Button, allows hiding/showing disabled users.
	3	User Table
	•	Columns: ID, User Name, Email, Enabled
	•	Rows: Displays the list of users with the following details:
	•	ID: Unique identifier for the user.
	•	User Name: Username of the user.
	•	Email: Email address of the user.
	•	Enabled: Indicates whether the user is enabled (true/false).
	•	Sorting: Columns should be sortable.
	•	Filtering: Enabled column should have a filter option.
	4	User Form
	•	Fields:
	•	Username (Text Input)
	•	Display Name (Text Input)
	•	Phone (Text Input)
	•	Email (Text Input)
	•	User Roles (Dropdown): Options include Guest, Admin, SuperAdmin.
	•	Enabled (Checkbox)
	•	Buttons:
	•	Save User: Saves the user details.

3. Page Behaviors
	1	Initial Display
	•	On initial load, the page displays the user table with a list of users.
	•	The "Hide Disabled User" checkbox is unchecked by default, showing all users.
	•	The table is sorted by User Name in ascending order by default.
	2	Add New User
	•	Clicking the "New User" button opens the user form on the right.
	•	User can fill in the details and select roles from the dropdown.
	•	Clicking "Save User" saves the new user and updates the user table.
	3	Edit User
	•	Clicking on a row in the user table populates the form with that user's details.
	•	User can edit the details and click "Save User" to update the information.
	•	The user table reflects the updated details after saving.
	4	Enable/Disable User
	•	The "Enabled" checkbox in the user form allows toggling the user's enabled status.
	•	Users with the "Enabled" status set to false are considered disabled.
	5	Hide Disabled Users
	•	Checking the "Hide Disabled User" checkbox filters out disabled users from the table.
	•	Unchecking the checkbox shows all users, including disabled ones.
	6	Sorting and Filtering
	•	Users can click on column headers to sort the table by that column.
	•	Users can filter the "Enabled" column to show only enabled or disabled users.
